### Songcamp is an artist collective and creative studio experimenting with songwriting camps and emergent technology to unlock new ways of creating and releasing music on the internet.
Started in 2021, Songcamp has run three online songwriting camps with over 50 emerging musicians from around the world. The music they created was released via compilation projects as onchain immersive collections. Songcamp’s creative studio builds out experimental collectibles around the songs, bringing new paths of interactivity for fans and new paths of monetization for artists.

### We believe music can be contextualized, distributed and valued online in far more imaginative ways than they currently are.
Songwriting camps present a unique framework to bring this vision into reality. Songwriting camps have the potential to unlock new levels of creativity, confidence and friendship amongst groups of talented musicians. They often allow artists to stretch into yet unseen realms of their own artistry, as they crash into fresh ideas and people in new and inspiring settings. But all too often, the beautiful artifacts of such an experience — the songs themselves — don’t make it out into the world. They get stuck in the music industry. New internet technologies enabled by blockchains offer us  novel sandboxes to play in when it comes to putting out music. We can reimagine how art is released, how rights and royalties are structured amongst a group, and - most importantly - we can explore new ways to define and capture value for our work. Suddenly, collectively releasing the collaboratively created music from a songwriting camp becomes a lot more natural. 

### Our mission is to unlock the power and beauty of songwriting camps through the enabling forces of emergent technology. 
We envision a future where musicians are able to plug in and out of pop-up collective identities, songwriting camps, and headless bands — adding their unique styles to these networks as they form. We see a world where internet-native rights, royalties and accreditation can flow as smoothly as the music itself. Through the practice of running experimental songwriting camps, we are cultivating a meaningful network of musicians, artists and cultural supporters with a shared intent and curiosity for the possibilities at the nexus of music and the new internet.

# Welcome to Songcamp.
